This is sample code for Chapter 12 of Wiley's Enterprise Android. This code
provides several discrete examples that demonstrate security techniques
for the Android platform and its use with backend services.

The code includes an application UI called, AndroidSecurity, that allows you
to execute each of these examples. Run, "ant eclipse" and then you can
open the project folder in Eclipse.

The application will compile and run with no changes, but in order for the
code to work correctly, you need to edit variables in the code before
compiling the application.

Once you have done this run the application in the normal way:

    Right click.
    Run As Android Application.


Below you can find descriptions of all chapter examples and how to configure
them:


1. Protecting data:
    Uses AES256 to encrypt data in a file.

    When this example operates correctly, it will print out the 
    encrypted form of the sample text to encrypt.

    Warning: This example requires a physical sd card, or an avd with a 
    virtual sd card in order to work. The purpose of the example is to 
    demonstrate the need for symmetric encrytpion when storing data
    on an external card.

2. Protecting passwords:
    Uses a secure hashing system to protect passwords.

    This example shows a hypothetical login screen. When you click login -
    its fine to leave the default values, the example will compute and
    compare a password has and the "log you in." The app will say that you
    have successfully logged in when it operates correctly.

3. Protecting communication:
    Involves setting up an HTTPS exported version of the chapter 6 service,
    and a then executing a secure invocation to it from an Android client
    that uses basic authentication.

    Note: The example "Protecting Communication" includes an additional set
    of tasks that you must follow before you can use the AndroidSecurity UI
    to run it. You can find these instructions in the chapter text, and in
    the project file:

    README_secureCh6ServiceInvocation

4. Using Accounts:
    An example that provides a basic demonstration of how to use the Android
    Account Manager.

    Warning: This example requires that you first install the
    $CODE/syncAdapterContacts project and configure a SyncContact account,
    using Settings -> Accounts -> SyncContact

    When the example runs correctly, it will print information about the
    syncAdapterContacts account.

5. Install Root cert activity:
    This example shows how to install a root certificated into Android.
    When you run the example, it will ask for the certificate password,
    the password for the keystore that ships with the book source,
    keystore2.p12 is "changeit". You can just type this string into the
    UI. Once the example accepts the password, it will extract the 
    certificate.  The system may then ask you to set a pin or screen
    lock - which you can just enter inline if you need to add one. You
    will need to name the certificate, once you do the application 
    should inform you that the certificate it installed.



    





